DEVDOCS-2019 IA review Becoming A Partner (#577)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/partner/becoming-a-partner.md

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

### On this page

> - [Applying to the technology partner program](#applying-to-the-technology-partner-program)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Applying to the Technology Partner Program](#applying-to-the-technology-partner-program)

```

- [Becoming a partner](#becoming-a-partner)
- [Getting a sandbox store](#getting-a-sandbox-store)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Resources](#resources)
</div> 

> Our BigCommerce partner program includes access to training, sales enablement, and a referral network to get more clients and build better ecommerce experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our BigCommerce Partner Program includes access to training, sales enablement, and a referral network to get more clients and build better ecommerce experiences.

```
Proper name of the program

The following sections outline the steps required to sell single-click apps in the [BigCommerce App Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps). Doing so requires a partnership application and acceptance will authorize you to provide best-of-breed solutions to the fast-growing online businesses we host. 

> ## Applying to the technology partner program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Applying to the Technology Partner Program

```

Before you can submit an app to the BigCommerce App Marketplace, also known as the App Store, you must become an official partner. BigCommerce offers app developers free sandbox stores through its Technology Partner Program. To be approved as a partner, you will need:

* A website showcasing your agency or technology solution
* Intent to offer your app publicly
* Ability to support your app's users
* Evidence of expertise in app development

The following steps outline how to become a BigCommerce Partner:

## Becoming a partner
1. Go to the [Partner Portal](https://partners.bigcommerce.com/).
   
2. Click **Apply Today**.
   
![Partner Apply](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/becoming-a-partner-01.png "Partner Apply")

3. Enter your company email address.
   
4. Click the **Technology Partner Program** button.
   
![Partner Registration](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/becoming-a-partner-02.png "Partner Registration")

5. Complete the member registration.
6. Click the **Complete Registration** button. 

> 7. Once your application is approved, check your email for your partner ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once your application is approved, check your email for your Partner ID.

```

> Once approved, you will receive one or more emails listing your partner credentials and next steps. Your **partner ID** will be required to submit your app for App Marketplace consideration. If you do not receive these credentials by email, please contact <a href="mailto:appstore@bigcommerce.com">appstore@bigcommerce.com</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once approved, you will receive one or more emails listing your partner credentials and next steps. Your **Partner ID** will be required to submit your app for App Marketplace consideration. If you do not receive these credentials by email, please contact [appstore@bigcommerce.com](mailto:appstore@bigcommerce.com).

```

## Getting a sandbox store

To build a Marketplace app, you will need:

* A sandbox store

> * A developer account on the [BigCommerce Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A developer account on the [BigCommerce Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps)

```

* BigCommerce partner credentials 

We encourage you to create your sandbox store and your Dev Tools account using the same login credentials. A sandbox store cannot process transactions and is for developing and testing apps without the 15-day time limit of a trial store. 

> > Your Developer Portal account is an entirely separate account outside of the Partner Portal.

Reviewer: Add the "Note" header here.

    
<!-- theme: warning -->

### Trials erased after 15 days

> > Although a sandbox store is not required for app development, it is best practice. If you opt to develop on a trial store, keep in mind the store and data will be erased after 15 days and you will have to create a new trial store to proceed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although you do not need a sandbox store for app development, it is best practice. If you opt to develop on a trial store, keep in mind the store and data will be erased after 15 days, and you will have to create a new trial store to proceed.

```

You may be logged in with the wrong account. Each listing can only be owned by one user, so it is likely assigned to another email address. If you’re unable to track down the correct owner account for your solution, please reach out to <a href="mailto:appstore@bigcommerce.com">appstore@bigcommerce.com</a>.

> **Why doesn't my listing in the App Marketplace reflect changes I've made?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Why can't I see the updates I've made to my App Marketplace listing?**

```

> The changes will be effective immediately in your control panel app card, but the updates can take up to 24 hours to appear on the public BigCommerce Marketplace. Feel free to use this as a grace period to make additional edits as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updates will be effective immediately in your control panel app card, but the updates can take up to 24 hours to appear on the public BigCommerce Marketplace. Feel free to use this as a grace period to make additional edits as needed.

```
